# Post-Redirect-Get flow problem
In my implementation of "Post-Redirect-Get" for Laravel flow a problem appears when using parallel AJAX request and flash session data. Any RECOMENDATIONS to improve the implementation are WELLCOME.

## Real Example

A page has list of some items with "like" buttons for each item and "more" button after the list. 
Click on "like" button updates the item HTML block to update "like" representation - add heart icon (via AJAX).
Click on "more" button loads more items and adds them to the end of the list (via AJAX).

Is user clicks "more" button and while the list is loading clicks "like" button on one of visible items the application returns error.

The package for Laravel has a simplefied example to reproduce this problem.

## Description

"POST-1" request flashes data to session and redirects to "GET-1". "GET-1" takes the data and generates view.

If another "POST-2" request is executed while "redirect" phase it resets all flash data generated by "POST-1" and puts its own.

If flashed parameters names are the same the "GET-1" recieves wrong value. If "POST-2" puts its own parameters "GET-1" recieves "null" and generates error.

## Insall

In Laravel project forder execute commands (can be new or existing project, changes are easily removed)
```
composer config repositories vcs https://github.com/DecideNowLib/prg-problem.git
composer require decidenowlib/prg-problem:dev-master
```
Add ServiceProvider to **config/app.php**
```
...
'providers' => [
   ...
   DecideNowLib\PRGProblem\PRGProblemServiceProvider::class,
   ...
],
...
```

## Test
1. The application must increase counter value on every button push.
2. When page is refreshed the counter value must be reset to zero.

## Reproduce problem
1. In your browser go to
```
http://path-to-application/prg-problem
```

2. Select one of two tests.

3. Go to "Open break page" (link after "Increment" button). New tab will be opened.
_The page sends post requests to increment counter every 1 second._

4. Return to test page tab.

5. Push "Increment" button several times.

## Problem
* on "classic flow" test condition #2 fails:
1. counter value will be increased on every button push (**expected**), 
2. "refresh" and "back" browser buttons will give bad values (the same value on "refresh" and old values on "back" button) (**unexpected**).

* on "post-redirect-get" test condition #1 fails if parallel request executes:
1. counter will be sometimes taken from neighbour "breaking" tab (**unexpected**), 
2. "refresh" will set counter value to zero (**expected**). If "breaking" tab is not opened application acts as desired! (**expected**)
